bsdlib: version 0.8.0 (#286)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: bsdlib/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

bsdlib 0.8.0
************

> * Fixed issue with stalled TLS handshake.
> * Fixed issue with TLS connection where connect() hangs.
> * Fixed issue with sendto timeout not working in some cases.
> * Updated the documentation to reflect that NRF_SO_CHIPER_IN_USE is not
>   currently supported.
> * Fixed issue with the AT socket and POLLIN events not happening.
> * Added support for PDN authentication parameters.
> * Added flushing of the GNSS socket queue if the stop command is issued.
> * Added support for GPS low accuracy use-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the issue with stalled TLS handshake.
* Fixed the issue with TLS connection where :cpp:func:`nrf_connect` hangs.
* Fixed the issue of sendto timeout not working in some cases.
* Updated the documentation to reflect that NRF_SO_CHIPER_IN_USE is not currently supported.
* Fixed the issue of missing AT socket and POLLIN events.
* Added support for PDN authentication parameters.
* Added flushing of the GNSS socket queue if the stop command is issued.
* Added support for GPS low accuracy use case.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

bsdlib 0.7.9
************

* Fixed an issue introduced with the TLS server support that made :cpp:func:`nrf_connect` hang forever.

> bdli 0.7.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bsdlib 0.7.8
```

Reviewer 2: Updated
